## SwiftUI Basics

### Content View & ContentView_Previews

When creating a new SwiftUI Project, the xcode template will auto generate a ContentView file containing two structs named `ContentView` and `ContentView_Previews`.

The ContentView struct conforms to a `View` protocol, which is generated by SwiftUI. The View protocol consists of anything that can be drawn to the screen, such as buttons, labels, colors, etc.

There is a computed property by default, named `body`, which returns type `some View` - meaning it will return something that conforms to the View protocol.

Inside of body contains a text property containing "Hello, World" text and a method called `.padding()`, otherwise known as a `modifier` in SwiftUI.

The ContentView_Previews struct conforms to a `PreviewProvider` protocol. This struct is used for the purposes of designing, debugging, etc. within xcode and is not required for the final product of an app.

### Lists

Lists can be created in SwiftUI by using the view type `List`.  
```swift
var body: some View {
    List {
        Text("Hello, world!")
    }
}
```

By default, the text will be placed in the top left corner of the the screen. You can add more rows to the list by adding more text to the next line.  
```swift
var body: some View {
    List {
        Text("Hello, world!")
	Text("Hello, world!")
	Text("Hello, world!")
    }
}
```

Note: As of iOS 15, a List will only allow up to 10 children due to the limitations of SwiftUI. This does not only apply to forms, but to all of SwiftUI. To work around this limitation, you can wrap things using `Group` to add more children to a view. Visually, there is no difference - it will still look like one complete List. If you want to split things up visually into their own groups, use `Section` instead.

You may also use `Form` as a list. They're both nearly the same, use UITableView under the hood. Use Form for data entry incase Apple decides to change things in the future.

## Navigation Bar

To add a navigation bar in SwiftUI, all you need to do is wrap the content inside of body with a `NavigationView` view.

```swift
var body: some View {
    NavigationView {
        Form {
            Section {
                Text("Hello, world!")
                Text("Hello, world!")
            }
        }
    }
}
```

To add a title, use the `.navigationTitle(title: Text)` method. It will default to large titles.  
If you want to change the display mode of the title, for perhaps a smaller title, use the `.navigationBarTitleDisplayMode(displayMode: NavigationBarItem.TitleDisplayMode)` method. The three options for this method are large, inline, and automatic.

Note: If the SwiftUI Preview isn't showing the title, simply embed a NavigationView inside of the Content Preview struct.
```swift
struct Content_Previews: PreviewProvider {
    static var previews: some View {
    	NavigationView {
            ContentView()
	}
    }
}
```

## Buttons

```swift
Button("Button label here") {
    // Button action here
}
```

### Dismiss views with a button

Create an environment variable, then insert it into the buttons action.
```swift

@Environment(\.dismiss) private var dismiss

Button("Done") {
    dismiss()
}
```

## TextFields

```swift
TextField("Placeholder text", text: -insert binding variable here-)
// You can use .constant("") to temporarily leave text blank
```

## Navigation Toolbars

```swift 
    var body: some View {
        Form {
	    Text("Hello, world")
        }
        .toolbar {
            ToolbarItem(placement: .primaryAction) {
                // Toolbar Item goes here
            }
        }
    }
}
```
